Requirement Gathering:
customer wants a software for promotion criteria of the employee salary.
 
Design:
Algorithm:
 
Step 1 -: Start 
Step 2 -:  Input, ye = years of experience
                             rE = required experience
                            pR = performing rating
                            rR = required rating
                            cS = current salary
                            nS = new salary
 
Step 3 -: Create an employee instance.
Prompt the user to input the employee's years of experience.
Prompt the user to input the employee's performance rating.  
Step 4 -: Checking Promotion Eligibility
If the employee's years of experience are greater than or equal to re and performance rating is greater than or equal to rR, set eligibility to 'Y'.
Otherwise, set eligibility to 'N'.
Step 5-: If the employee is eligible for promotion:
Prompt for the current salary.
Calculate the new salary based on the performance rating:
If performance rating is 3 or above, double the current salary.
If below 3, increase current salary by 45%.
Display the new salary
Step 6-: If the employee is not eligible:
Set current and new salary to 0.
Inform the user that the employee is not eligible for promotion.
Store the employee record in the array.
Prompt the user to decide whether to process another employee or exit.
 
Step 7-: Display Results for all employees:
After exiting, iterate through the stored employee records and print each employee's details, including eligibility and salary information.
 
 step8-: Exit Program:
Print a goodbye message and terminate the program.
 
Implementation:
WE are performing this practical in C language as per the requirement of the project 
 
Testing:
We have successfully excited the program which is the company requirement for promotion criteria. 
 
Deployment:
We have published code on GITHUB 
 
Maintenance:
In this we will apply 25% maintenance rule that is if maintenance is more than 25% then replace the module, upgrade or rebuild the software.
 
Websites Used:
W3 school – for loops 
Coding with Harry – for Character set
Learn C.com-For condition
Shortcuts for the code 
 Shortcut:
Ye – year of experience
Re – required experience
Pr – performance rating
rR – required rating
cS – current salary
nS – new salary







